TODO:

Nail down a solid genre on soundcloud or spotify for music to listen to.
Complete Content of Main Site. Plan content and layout of additional pages.
Maintenance of CSS and HTML
    Normalize Color Scheme with variables,
        Experiment with different shade for base color.
        A way the color scheme can work cross platform is by having tags at the top that change the color for all elements.
    Set global padding or margin settings where necessary,
        Make padding on right and left bigger. Maybe use CSS grid for whole site?
    Create a new class for bottom content panels if much of the css is shared,
    Remove unncessary tags/ids.
Create Changing text snippet next to name
Restructure JS functions
    Organize into separate files if necessary,
    Adapt scrollTrack function to accomodate any number of links.
Make Page Responsive
    Refer to freecodecamp bookmark. Use rem and em to make sizes responsive.

??Add scroll snapping, after website has been midified for different layout sizes
??Load page with simple line in the middle? Similar to the content headers
??Code a script that responds with random encouraging messages to any acheivement you send them.
??Create a folder for Inspirational designs.
    ??Maybe include sections in the journal/blog for design and coding. Put inspiration in a separate section.

Other Projects:
Roadmap of projects/learning map
    Similar to a business model
    What I want to learn and do
    What I've learned from jobs/internships (detours if necessary)
    Show accountability and learning process.
    Include this with the journal/blog section of the website
Create Template Logo
    Experiment with Various fonts and layouts
    Create reussable logos in basic colors for designs
Font Design
    Create typeable display font as design project
Music Visualizer??
    Behind the Mountains. Starts when clicked and permission is given.
    Changing theme based on time of day
    Basic Javascript (Check bookmarked link) for time evaluation. Try to write this one from scratch
    Change gradient based on time of day (Would work best with stages, rather than being completely dynamic. That way the color palettes can correspond).
    Color pallete can be "global" element (Maybe of the HTML?) That will determine all elements simultaneously.
